hey buddy how y'all doing today it won't
tell you about my cousins Joe and John
they're identical twins that mates they
look just like he John everybody in town
took John I mean cuz John stayed in town
you know he worked for him but he'd go
paying on time man general well he kind
of kept to his self he didn't get in
town very much anyway
Joe had this old boat out on the bayou
at these poor fellas come up there more
rent that old boat the joke told in
sitting on got a bit careful this boat
it's got a lot of miles a lot of years
on it
I don't know how much longer it's gonna
last and it ain't real safe they said
they didn't care that they needed to
vote they needed to go real bad so Joe
Kyle he didn't really want to do it but
he went ahead and did it anyway he
rented the boat out too and anyway made
a long story short they sank the boat
Joe called me won't become him you know
so we went out there and we were trying
to salvage everything we could out of it
boat going under and taking stuff out
and bring it back up putting in another
boat you know we've been out there all
day long well while we was gone we
didn't know it but John's wife had died
oh we went on back in town get us
something to eat real quick and going
back out there we went in the little
restaurant and waitress come up there
table and she looked at Joe what she
thought Joe was John and she said I'm
sorry for your loss you must feel
terrible well she thought he was John so
we we didn't know any different we
thought you told my the boat anyway Joe
looks up at her and he says hey Lana
fact isn't so we're glad to get rid of
her she didn't write no thing from the
beginning her bottom was all shriveled
up and she smelled like dead fish
she had a crack in the back the pretty
good size how
in the front too every time I used her
the hole got bigger and she leaked like
crazy I'm guessing what finished her
office when I rented her out to looking
for guys I did my own v those they all
try to get in or at the same time
instead of I I don't write it through
the middle little waitress painting